Added metadata to the pages (#98)
sora-xor/sora-docs: src/running-a-node.md

Q: **I’m getting an error starting the node**.

> A: _Double check if you have entered the command and flags correctly and that there are no typos. If that does not work,\_ l_ocate your SORA2 folder, erase its contents, pull the docker image and try running the node again._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: _Double check if you have entered the command and flags correctly and that there are no typos. If that does not work,\_ locate your sora2 folder, erase its contents, pull the docker image and try running the node again._
```
